---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "influxdb_authorization Resource - terraform-provider-influxdb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an authorization and returns the authorization with the generated API token. Use this resource to create/manage an authorization, which generates an API token with permissions to read or write to a specific resource or type of resource.
---

# influxdb_authorization (Resource)

Creates and manages an authorization and returns the authorization with the generated API token. Use this resource to create/manage an authorization, which generates an API token with permissions to read or write to a specific resource or type of resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String) An organization ID. Specifies the organization that owns the authorization.
- `permissions` (Attributes List) A list of permissions for an authorization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the token.
- `status` (String) Status of the token. Valid values are `active` or `inactive`.
- `user` (String) A user name. Specifies the user that the authorization is scoped to.
- `user_id` (String) A user ID. Specifies the user that the authorization is scoped to.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Authorization creation date.
- `id` (String) The authorization ID.
- `org` (String) Organization name. Specifies the organization that owns the authorization.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API token.
- `updated_at` (String) Last Authorization update date.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Permission action. Valid values are `read` or `write`.
- `resource` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resource`

Required:

- `type` (String) A resource type. Identifies the API resource's type (or kind).

Optional:

- `id` (String) A resource ID. Identifies a specific resource.
- `org` (String) An organization name. The organization that owns the resource.
- `org_id` (String) An organization ID. Identifies the organization that owns the resource.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. **Note:** not all resource types have a name property.
